Hi, welcome to ChatGPT for Web Developers.
We're going to cover today quickly,
as a first look,
how artificial intelligence and
LLMs work for web developers.
And we will talk about that later.
So what's an LLM?
So my name is Maximiliano Firtman.
Let me go really quickly about myself.
I'm from Argentina, I live in
Buenos Aires, and I'm a web developer and
also a mobile app developer.
I'm actually excited as most people
around the world about AI, and
also a little scared.
It's time between both worlds.
I have authored many books, a lot of
courses on different platforms, and
of course the best one, Frontend Masters.
You will find a lot of workshops and
courses that I have been doing on mobile
app development and also web development.
But this is a different kind of worship.
It's a first look into a new
technology for most of us.
So we are here because of that,
let me say, kind of ugly user interface.
So you know that the ChatGPT
user interface is not like,
wow, but that's not what we see here,
we see the power of something
totally different behind scenes.
So it's not about the why.
In fact,
this is not a course about ChatGPT.
Actually, we won't be using ChatGPT.
So ChatGPT, so chat.openai.com is not
actually what we're going to cover today.
We will see how can we use
that as web developers?
So I had that question
a couple of months ago,
as maybe some of you are having right now.
Okay, I'm a mobile developer,
I'm a web developer.
I know that we have GPT.
I mean, what's the point?
Should I do something about that?
Do I need to learn machine learning
to actually use some of this stuff?
Well, that's why I have created
this course to give you a quick
look into ChatGPT from
a perspective of a web developer.
First, ChatGPT, what's that, in case you
are here and you haven't heard about it?
So it's a large language model
designed to generate human-like
responses to natural language input,
using the GPT architecture.
So we have here natural language input.
So when we talk to ChatGPT,
we need to use natural language,
our human natural language, so
it's not a programming language.
Another definition, ChatGPT is a computer
program that can understand and
respond to written text
like a human would.
So it's trying to impersonate us,
actually.
And the final definition as if we
were child, that ChatGPT is like
a talking robot that can talk with
us by reading what we write and
answering us in a way that
sounds like a person talking.
And actually, all these definitions
are coming from ChatGPT itself.
And that's the goal of ChatGPT,
talk, so it's a talking parrot, okay?
I'm not going to get today at least
into the details on how it works.
We want to use it,
we want to understand ChatGPT and use it.
So this is not an artificial
intelligence course in terms of
we're not going to learn how to
create a model like ChatGPT.
We're going to use it,
so we need to understand the concepts and
use it in our favor.
That's the idea, to use GPT, LLMs, and
I will explain what that is in a minute,
in our own web apps.
Today, we're going to do some
cold practices in JavaScript.
So the only thing you need to know to
follow this course is JavaScript and HTML.
And on the server, we are also going
to use JavaScript in a very simple
Node.js Express Service that we
will provide to our frontend.
I already have the frontend, so
you don't need to create HTML and CSS.
Today, we will focus
specifically on ChatGPT.
So I'm also not here to tell you that
ChatGPT will replace all of us, okay?
That's a different discussion for
a different day.
So we are going to use
ChatGPT in our apps.
So you will see how exciting it
is to see all the opportunities
that you have to enhance your
web apps using the GPT APIs.
So we will talk about that.
We will talk about how as a web developer,
you can today start integrating
ChatGPT in different ways.
So we will talk about ChatGPT plugins,
in case you're interested in that.
We will talk about what happens
with ChatGPT browsing the web, and
not just ChatGPT, also Bing Chat.
We will discuss
the difference in a minute.
They can browse the web, so
they can browse our websites.
So should we do something about that?
Can we optimize the content for AI?
Should we do that?
Well, we will discuss that as well.
But let's say that 80% of the workshop,
80% of this course,
it's actually about coding apps
that will talk to the, for now,
let's say ChatGPT API, then we will
become more specific with the terms.
Okay, so we will cover OpenAI and ChatGPT.
We will try to understand the whole
ecosystem that we have today.
And you probably know this, but
AI is changing really, really,
really, but really fast.
So everything that I'm saying today may
be a little bit outdated in a couple of
months, I'm not even telling you years.
So that's why you need to rush here and
actually start working with this,
because everything is changing.
So the ecosystem will probably
change after a while.
Then we'll get into concepts
that won't change so fast.
I'm talking about how we can use
these tools with web development.
We will talk a little bit about a concept
known as prompt engineering that I
will give you a spoiler.
I don't like the term, and
I will explain why later.
But anyway, it's a term that is there, and
it's something important
that we need to understand.
And at the end, we will talk
about embeddings and fine tuning.
So we will see what is that in case
you want to, let's say, for now,
customize ChatGPT with your own data,
that's the idea.